# Rainbow Attack

## Requirements

* [Rustup](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/) (see the [installation instructions](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/installation/index.html))

Note: `Rustup` allows us to install, update and switch between versions of the `Rust` programming language easily (mainly `rustc`, the Rust compiler). `Rustup` will also install `Cargo`, a package manager for the Rust language.

### Rust nightly

Now that `Rustup` is installed, we can install `Rust nightly`, a release channel with the nightly compiler and its experimental features.

To install `Rust nightly`, run:

```sh
rustup toolchain install nightly
```

Note: `Rustup` will also install the corresponding version of `Cargo`.

To then enable the nightly channel, run:

```sh
rustup default nightly
```

After installation, make sure the tools are correcly installed by running:

```sh
rustc --version
```

and

```sh
cargo --version
```

Both program should mention a nighly version.

## Building

To compile the project and get both binaries, run:

```sh
cargo build --bins --release
```

Note: The binaries will be placed in the `./target/release/` directory.

To compile the project and use the current directory as output directory, run:

```sh
cargo build -Z unstable-options --bins --release --out-dir .
```

### Clean

To clean the directories generated by the build command, run:

```sh
cargo clean
```

## Run

Run the compiled binaries.

Note: It is also possible to compile and run the binary in oen command. Run

```sh
cargo run --release --bin gen-passwd
```

or

```sh
cargo run --release --bin check-passwd
```

### Arguments

The programs accepts a variety of arguments.

All may have multiple names and aliases for conveniency reasons.

All the parameters must respect the following syntax: `--name=value`, `-name=value`, `--name`, `-name`.
There isn't any difference between using the alias or the full name of the parameter, nor using one or two dashes.

### Help

By providing no arguments or by providing the `--help` argument, the program will display the help message.

### Examples

## Credits

Made by g44422 <44422@etu.he2b.be>.

## License

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International, also known as the CC-BY-NC-SA.
See [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE.md) for more details.
